proofreading edits (#79)
input-output-hk/partner-chains-smart-contracts: README.md

> This repository is a Plutus application (off-chain code + on-chain Plutus scripts) that is part of the Sidechain bridge backend. The goal is to support the different interactions with Cardano as a mainchain from a sidechain's perspective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is a Plutus application (off-chain code + on-chain Plutus scripts) that is part of the Partner Chain bridge backend. The goal is to support the different interactions with Cardano as a mainchain from a partner chain's perspective.
```
